**Project Overview**
	This project is designed to function as a command line interface where you can supply a message and
	a key value to encrypt a message using the python cryptography module. The message is written to a file
	of the user's choice. The script can also decrypt and read text from a supplied file and key.
	This project is built using four modules, gen_key, decrypt, encrypt, and main. 
	
	The gen_key function uses the fernet portion of the python cryptography module to generate a 
	symmetric key that can be used for encryption. This key must be written down and saved by the 
	user if they wish to use it to encrypt a message, and then decrypt that message later. 
	
	The decrypt module is used to decrypt and display a message from a file using 
	a user provided file path and a symmetric key.
	
	The encrypt module is used to encrypt a message using a user provided key and message,
	and store it in a file of the users choosing. The file is created if it does not already exist.
	
	The main module isn't called on by the user but instead is used to define the parsers and subparsers
	aswell as take the arguments returned from the previous three modules and perform tasks like displaying
	the key generated by gen_key, displaying the decrypted message from decrypt, calling encrypt, and 
	it gives the ability to call for help to see what each parser, argument, and module does.
	
**Installation Instructions**
	This script has a few prerequisites that must be installed before it can function, those are;
	Pip:
		Check to ensure pip is installed:
			pip --version
			if pip isn't already installed, it will come packaged with the python download
	Python:
		Go to the python website at https://www.python.org/downloads/ and download the latest version
		
	Python Cryptography module:
		At a bash shell: pip install cryptography
	
**Usage Guide**
	NOTE:  I'm not sure why but I can't use the py command to run on my computer, I wrote it in the readme because it SHOULD work, but I've had my computer forever and for some reason I have 3 or 4 different python versions, when I use the py command it doesn't recognize the cryptography module so I've had to hit run on the visual studio interpreter to test it. When hitting execute on the interpreter it uses the & to point to the python installation like this:
		& C:/Users/Braedan/AppData/Local/Microsoft/WindowsApps/python3.12.exe e:/Python/EncryptDecrypt.py gen_key
	To get help with encrypt and decrypt you can simply run the project with the
	encrypt or decrypt keyword which will show the help for those modules.

	Help example for encrypt:
		usage: EncryptDecrypt.py encrypt [-h] OutputFilePath message key
		EncryptDecrypt.py encrypt: error: the following arguments are required: OutputFilePath, message, key

	Help example for encrypt:
		usage: EncryptDecrypt.py decrypt [-h] InputFilePath key
		EncryptDecrypt.py decrypt: error: the following arguments are required: InputFilePath, key
	
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	To encrypt or decrypt a file you need a key, start by using the gen_key command to generate a key.

	Example of using the gen_key command:
	 	py .\EncryptDecrypt.py gen_key

	Returns:
		Generated Key: A3o6KjDkvHTqkwjIkFgG7jhg4DF4sAk7y6fMyw_Hsqo=	

	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	The encrypt command takes 3 arguments, OutputFilePath, message and key. The OutputFilePath argument requires a file path on your system where the script will write the encrypted message to. The message is the content that the user wishes to be encrypted, which can be one word, or more. If the user is inputting more than one word the message must be enclosed in quotations. The key is the symmetric key generated by gen_key used to encrypt and decrypt.

	py ./EncryptDecrypt encrypt OutputFilePath message key
	
	Example of using the encrypt command:
	**Testing with single word message**
		py ./EncryptDecrypt encrypt C:/Users/Braedan/Desktop/bill/testingggg.txt hello A3o6KjDkvHTqkwjIkFgG7jhg4DF4sAk7y6fMyw_Hsqo=

	Returns:
		The encrypted message was written to C:/Users/Braedan/Desktop/bill/testingggg.txt

	**Testing with multi-word message**
		py ./EncryptDecrypt encrypt C:/Users/Braedan/Desktop/bill/testingggg.txt "hello testing this" A3o6KjDkvHTqkwjIkFgG7jhg4DF4sAk7y6fMyw_Hsqo=

	Returns:
		The encrypted message was written to C:/Users/Braedan/Desktop/bill/testingggg.txt

	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	The decrypt command takes 2 arguments, InputFilePath and key. InputFilePath is the filepath that points to the text file that the user wishes to decrypt. The key argument is the symmetric fernet key that was used to encrypt the text file. The key is symmetric and therefore is used to encrypt and decrypt, and the user must have the key used to encrypt it if they wish to decrypt it.

	py ./EncryptDecrypt InputFilePath key

	Example of using the decrypt command:
	py ./EncryptDecrypt decrypt C:/Users/Braedan/Desktop/bill/testingggg.txt A3o6KjDkvHTqkwjIkFgG7jhg4DF4sAk7y6fMyw_Hsqo=

	Returns: 
		Decrypted message: hello testing this
